Elaborate `getting started` section of README (#17)
nytimes/rd-bundler-3d-plugins: README.md

npm install --save-dev vite-plugin-gltf
```

### 2. Minimal Configuration

The plugin is unopinionated about which optimizations should be applied to your glTF models. Here is a minimal configuration that simply applies Draco compression of your assets:

```js
// *.config.js
import gltf from "rollup-plugin-gltf"; // (a) Rollup
import gltf from "vite-plugin-gltf"; // (b) Vite

import { draco } from "@gltf-transform/functions";

return {
  // ...
  plugins: [
    gltf({
      transforms: [draco()],
    }),
  ],
};
```

See [advanced configuration](#advanced-configuration) for more complex examples.

_SvelteKit:_ it seems that in SvelteKit SSR should be disabled in order to avoid [mysterious `ReferenceError` issues](https://github.com/nytimes/rd-bundler-3d-plugins/issues/14#issuecomment-1410620469).

### 3. Asset Placement

Assets should be placed somewhere in the `src` directory in order for the plugin to find them.

_SvelteKit:_ in a SvelteKit project, place your assets somewhere in `src/lib`. Then you can import the asset's post-build url like so:

```svelte
<script>
  import sceneUrl from '$lib/assets/scene.glb';
</script>
```

### 4. Execution on Build

> The plugin will optimize assets _at build time_. This means you will not observe results when running `npm run dev`. To test the optimization, run `npm run build` and `npm run preview`.

Reviewer: Nit: the current wording is specific to Vite, npm clients, and particular choices of macro names. Maybe we can clarify it as —

```suggestion
The plugin will optimize assets _at build time_. Vite has [several modes](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html#modes), and optimization occurs in production (`vite build`) and preview (`vite preview`) but not development (`vite`) modes.
```

npm install --save-dev vite-plugin-gltf
```

### 2. Minimal Configuration

The plugin is unopinionated about which optimizations should be applied to your glTF models. Here is a minimal configuration that simply applies Draco compression of your assets:

```js
// *.config.js
import gltf from "rollup-plugin-gltf"; // (a) Rollup
import gltf from "vite-plugin-gltf"; // (b) Vite

import { draco } from "@gltf-transform/functions";

return {
  // ...
  plugins: [
    gltf({
      transforms: [draco()],
    }),
  ],
};
```

See [advanced configuration](#advanced-configuration) for more complex examples.

> _SvelteKit:_ it seems that in SvelteKit SSR should be disabled in order to avoid [mysterious `ReferenceError` issues](https://github.com/nytimes/rd-bundler-3d-plugins/issues/14#issuecomment-1410620469).

Reviewer: Would you mind filing an issue (on this repo) about SvelteKit SSR too? Does seem very weird that our plugin would affect that. 🫤

Author: I created the issues and referenced them in the README:

https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/issues/9000
https://github.com/nytimes/rd-bundler-3d-plugins/issues/19
